                                                               TURTLE BLOCKS JAVASCRIPT
  Turtle Block JS(JAVASCRIPT): is one of the SUGARLABS Activity that has built-in(Logo-Inspired Graphical turtle) with full ability to draw colorful art
  coupled with visual programming elements.Turtle Blocks can be used to experience or get in touch with the basic concepts in programming, mathematics,
  multimedia and designs.Presentations can be easily made with the help of a portfolio feature in turtle block js.
           Turtle Block JS is a very simple and easy to use development environment(for designs and programming). Its "low floor" provides an easy entry
  point for beginners. It also has "high ceiling" programming,and Computer Science features which will challenge many students and users who are interested
  in progamming and designs.It comprises of very usefull,simple and understanding features for designs and programming.All the features can be self-taught
  due to their tags and title.
                                                  SOME BASIC FEATURES AND BUTTONS IN TURTLE BLOCK JAVASCRIPT
 1.PALETTE:This is a toolbar that contains other sub-buttons(that comes in form of blocks), normally they are been dragged to the main layout
   development environment.This toolbar contains some cool and very useful block features example:
   a.TURTLE:It comes with some useful attributes like:"forward,back,left,right,set heading and many more.
   b.PEN:It's own attributes(blocks) include:set color,set grey,pen up,set shade and many more.
   c.NUMBER:It,s attributes comes self-explained from its title(it comprises of Numbers and arithmetric operators) examples are:100,+,-,* and so many others.
   d.BOOLEAN:It deals with this attributes:not,and,or,<,> and so on.

 2.RUN:Comes in form of a big play button or rabbit.It's used to run projects at full speed.But a long press slows it down.There is also a way to
   run projects step by step.
 
 3.STOP:It's used to stop the current project.

 4.CLEAN:It's represented with a very big eraser image that is used to clear the screen and return the turtles to their initial positions.

 5.SHOW/HIDE PALETTES:It is used to hide and show block palettes.

 6.SHOW/HIDE BLOCKS:It is used to hide and also show blocks and palettes.

       We still have many more features like:Expand/collapse collapsable blocks,Home,Expand/collapse option toolbar,Load samples from server,Load projects
       from files,save project,copy,paste and many more useful features that makes turtle block js very simple and usefull.Its very very helpful because
       its very easy to use,saves a lot of time very educative and so many other importance i cant really mention because much they are...
            When i started using turtle block js for the very first time i only experienced the problems of getting rid of the blocks already dragged into
             the layout environment.
       